Non-identical radiator demuxing.

Electric Motors from samd6

Update Manual Alteration for custom parts. Special Rules, hide if not needed ect.

Idea: have the Plane Creator Thingy output a performance chart. Not to replace the rules, which still need to be in, but as an aid.

Lifting Body suggestions:
    No monocoque
    No stress = Strain, need cantilevers
    Cantilever no 5th startup fee

Helicopter no Torque penalty? Yes/no arguments

Helicopter no Rotary bonus to dogfight

maybe something that classifies your plane "biplane, high-wing monoplane, sequiplane, sesqui-triplane, quadplane, etc (Include Annular Monoplane separate from tandem biplane

Ornithopters:
No Propeller stats
+(Power?) Handling
-2 Reliability
Automatic Wing Warping Applied
Cantilever Only, maybe Wing Truss?
Adjust Energy Stat on "Propeller"
Stall Speed when powered is halved
Overspeed = Max Strain

Guns must be hull mounted.


30 = 15
5 = 2
10
10




- britain: turny & shooty
- us air force: fast & shooty
- us navy: tough & shooty
- germany: fast
- italy: fast & turny
- japan: turny
- poland: tough & fast
- china: tough & turny
- soviets: tough
- france: shooty

A helicopter mounts a set of rotors to an axle powered by an engine, thus combining the mechanisms for generating thrust and lift. Or at least that’s what the designers say. Real pilots know helicopters fly by being so ugly the ground rejects them.

A helicopter has no Stall Speed, being capable of vertical take-off and landing. It can climb and dive conventionally, or descend up to 5 Altitude bands without gaining Speed. You cannot climb if it would reduce your Speed below 0. If below Dropoff, you can Boost vertically to gain 1 Altitude, instead of Speed. In a steady climb, adjust your Speed to your Dropoff instead of Stall Speed and, if this increased Speed, take an additional 1 RPM.

Helicopters don’t modify Stall for Altitude but, in addition to the normal rules for Ideal Altitude Range, they lose 1 Boost per 3 Altitude Factor; this can reduce it to 0, in which case the helicopter cannot ascend. A helicopter with Boost 1 can't take off vertically or Boost for Altitude. 

Due to auto-rotation, helicopters crash normally, but a deliberately landed helicopter travelling at 0 Speed never has to roll Go Down regardless of how rough the terrain is.

The spinning blades of a helicopter generate immense torque, which must be counteracted by a tail rotor or other solution. A helicopter with this Anti-torque Vital Part damaged will enter a Spin if its Speed is below 5 and a rotor is powered.

When a helicopter would reach Overspeed, it instead rolls Overstrain, using its Speed Factor as its G-Force. If a helicopter ever travels faster than 37 Speed, it immediately suffers a Stall. If you Recover, you must still Spin until Speed is 37 or less. (This is called a Retreating Blade Stall.)